---
layout: page
title: Textbook
show: show
order: 40
---

# Textbook

ALWAYS HAVE YOUR TEXTBOOK AND **LAPTOP** READY FOR CLASS.

* `Free` [User Interface Design & Implementation @ MIT](https://twpspu.github.io/csc3220text/)

    > You have to participate in online discussion using Perusall. You should open the text through Canvas to get credits. Check Canvas for more assignment details.

* `Free` Qt Tutorial and Documentation

    > Available online, links provided via Canvas.

* Other readings or instructions will be provided via Canvas.

## Software
This class will be using Qt (C++ binding) for GUI framework and Qt Creator for its default IDE. Using your personal laptop is recommended, and you can obtain it for free (under LGPL License) from Qt homepage. Instructions for downloading and installing the software will be available via Canvas, which will be the first lab assignment.

## Computer Requirements
Programming assignments may be written and run on Windows and Mac PCs. This class does not officially support Linux, however, there are resources how to install Qt/Qt Creator on these operating systems online. Google it.

## Source Repo or Online Storage
Make sure to keep your codes backed up.

You may want to learn how to use online/local source code repository toolkits (e.g., github). Fortunately, Qt supports Git so you can do your own version control for your project, or even you can upload your codes to online repositories. It is strongly recommended to use the (local and remote) version control system, so that you can build up your portfolio items.

As an alternative, you may want to take an advantage of [MicroSoft OneDrive](https://onedrive.live.com/). You have 1 TB space with your @spu.edu account.
