---
layout: page
title: Grading
show: show
order: 50
---

# Assignments

## Class Participation

Class participation will be assessed via [pollanywhere, pollev.com/parkspu](pollev.com/parkspu) and in-class group and individual activities. When you open the pollev link, make sure to sigh in using your @spu.edu email.

## Reading Comments and Discussion

The lecture part of this class will ask you to read the texts and ask questions/comment/discuss about the contents online using Perusall, before the next class. Click the reading assignments (RAxx) on Canvas and leave significant comments / questions before the due date.

A few select posts/replies may be introduced in class, with consideration of extra credits.

Discussion assignments may not be given by instructor's discretion, depending on class topics or lab assignment progress.

## Nanoquizzes

For every *lecture* class (accompanied by a reading assignment) you are to take a quick quiz checking if you really have read the text carefully. The quiz will be given through Canvas in the beginning of the class. Note: 3 lowest nanoquiz scores will be removed. If you have a personal or medical situation, let the instructor know at your earliest convenience - you will be given a way to make up your nanoquiz grades.

Nanoquizzes ask simple questions about what you read or watched before coming to class. These questions will be extremely simple and easy -- more like an attendance check rather than problem solving.


## Lab Assignments

This class gives majority of its focus on lab activities, supposed to be done individually, outside class.

For lab activities, tutorial videos with online resources will be provided, so that you can follow the instructions at your pace. As well, Slack community/instructor assist is available, so consider taking its full advantage.

Hands-ons in class might be provided in a limited extent, due to skill disparities between students and time utilization's sake.

## Team Project

Later in the quarter, you will have a chance to work in a team of 3 or 4 for the final project. You are supposed to form a team and submit your team project proposal by 2/25, and pitch your proposal on 2/27 in class. You will have roughly 2.5 weeks for the final project, so plan a reasonable amount of work and role distributions.

# Assignment Policies

One learns to program by programming. That is why programming assignments are a significant portion of your grade in this class. We can discuss ideas, demonstrate how things work and, occasionally, try things out in class, but most of the actual "learning" and skill-building, especially when it comes to coding, will occur outside of class as you apply these concepts to assigned problems.

## Submission and Late Policy

The following procedures apply to all assignments (unless specifically directed otherwise).

* **All assignments must be submitted via Canvas to be accepted**. Each assignment will have a specified due date.
    * Emailed assignments are not accepted.
* Assignments not turned in when they are due are considered late. Late items are accepted for up to one week with a grade reduction of 10% per day.
* On Thursday March 19th at 5 PM, course page will be shut down and no late submissions will be accepted.

### Technical Challenge and Late Submission
Friendly Reminder: BE SURE TO ALWAYS BACK-UP YOUR WORK and store incremental copies in multiple places. Flash drives and personal laptops only fail just prior to the due date of programming assignments (or so it seems). The instructor is very unlikely to perceive a storage or system crash as adequate grounds for allowing an extension of a due date!

## General Assignment Policy
**All works are individual**: Unless otherwise noted, all work is to be done on an **individual basis**. At the same time, it is understood that learning from your peers is valid and you are encouraged to talk among yourselves about programming in general and current assignments in particular. Keep in mind, however, that each individual student must do the work in order to learn. Hence, the following guidelines are established:

* Feel free to discuss any and all programming assignments.
    * Discussion on Slack in the class channel is encouraged, to share common pattern of troubleshooting experiences and to benefit from each other.
    * However, **DO NOT** allow other students to copy your code.
    * Given that said, **DO NOT** give any student an electronic or printed copy of any program you write for this class.
* Gaining the ability to properly analyze common programming errors is an important experience. 
    * Do not deprive (too early) a fellow student of his/her opportunity to practice problem solving: control the urge to show them what to do by writing the code for them.
    * If you don't know how to do it wisely, ask the instructor or lab tutors to do it.
* If you’ve given the assignment a fair effort and still need help, see the lab tutors or instructor.
* **DOUBLE ZERO for plagiarism**: If there is any evidence that a program or other written assignment was copied from another student or any source over the internet, all involved students will earn 'double zero' credit for the assignment.
    * That is, zero for the given assignment and another deduction of full credit amount of that assignment.
    * Following the university policy, the act will be automatically reported to department and dean's office.
* Protect yourself: Handle throw-away program listings carefully.
* General academic integrity policy still applies. See Classroom Policy Notes section for more details.

# Grading policy
Grades will be based on performance in three areas:

Area | Portion
------|------
Labs | 40%
Team Project | 20%
Reading | 20%
Class Participation	| 10%
Nanoquizzes	| 10%

The grading scale is:

Range | Grade Mark
------|------
90% and above|A, A-
80% - 89%|B+, B, B-
70% - 79%|C+, C, C-
60% - 69%|D
Below 60%|E 